W-15809282 flex gateway limits mb (#670)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: gateway/1.8/modules/ROOT/pages/flex-sizing-guide.adoc

> = Resource Sizing for Flex Gateway

Reviewer: This topic seems to be a group of tasks (based on the imperative H2s), but the title is more of a concept/reference.

Perhaps this is a "Planning" (for resource requirements) task? Or "Determining Resource Size Requirements"? 
Or you could change the H2 tasks to be referencey/concepty.

Author: I changed the H2 tasks to be more referencey, but this topic needs a rewrite. I don't have enough time or information to do that right now, so I created a backlog item for a rewrite.

| Large | > 500 | 4 | < 10 ms | < 10000 RPS | Mission-critical clusters
|====

> These sizing figures are per node. API configurations are replicated to all nodes in the cluster. For example, if you have 10 APIs deployed with 3 policies for each API, it means that the 10 APIs and their policies are deployed to each node in the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These sizing figures are per node. API configurations replicate to all nodes in the cluster. For example, for 10 APIs deployed each with three policies, the 10 APIs and their policies are deployed to each node in the cluster.
```

Reviewer: (not sure if that changes the meaning)

Reviewer: Should you mention the node "size" in this example?

The traffic is distributed across all nodes in the cluster. A small cluster node supports up to 500 RPS, but if the cluster has two nodes then the total traffic that the cluster allows is 1000 RPS (500 RPS for each node). Exceeding the recommended traffic per node eventually causes increased CPU usage. To avoid this issue, you must increase the size of all nodes in the cluster or scale horizontally.

High CPU usage can lead to increased latency. In such a case, proceed with horizontal scaling or increase the node size. 

> High memory consumption can lead to out-of-memory errors. To solve this issue, increase the memory allocation or the node size. Horizontal scaling might not help solve issues in this situation. Horizontal scaling fails if high memory use is the problem. You must increase memory first, and scale horizontally later.

Reviewer: Can you remove these sentences?
Horizontal scaling might not help solve issues in this situation. Horizontal scaling fails if high memory use is the problem.

Does horizontal scaling mean "increase node size"? If so, can you say that? Or define horizontal scaling?

Author: I created a backlog item to rewrite this whole topic (W-16848565)
I don't want to touch it for this release, as I don't know what horizontal scaling means, and Glenn is on PTO tomorrow.

> The guiding table considers a cluster with an average request size of 1kB and 4 policies implemented. Adjust your parameters depending on your use case. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The guiding table considers a cluster with an average request size of 1 KB and four policies implemented. Adjust your parameters depending on your use case. 
```

Reviewer: https://confluence.internal.salesforce.com/display/MTDT/MuleSoft+CX+Writing+Style+Reference#MuleSoftCXWritingStyleReference-numbers
